docs: Release procedure documentation (#1649)
flame-engine/flame: CONTRIBUTING.md

 - test: Add infinity test for `MoveEffect.to`
 - refactor: Optimize the structure of the game loop

# Maintainers

These instructions are for the maintainers of Flame.

## Merging a pull request

When merging a pull request, make sure that the title of the merge commit has the correct
conventional commit tag and a descriptive title. This is extra important since sometimes the title
of the PR doesn't reflect what GitHub defaults to for the merge commit title (if the title has been
changed during the life time of the PR for example).

All the default text should be removed from the commit message and if the PR is breaking, the

> instructions from the "Migration instruction" should be copied into the commit message.

Author: It feels like the changelog would be very verbose if we did that, and I think what is currently written in the descriptions isn't always fit for the changelog. I'd prefer to only be verbose on the breaking changes and then if someone is interested in what it said in the description they could just go to the PR.

## Breaking changes

When doing breaking changes a deprecation tag should be added when possible and contain a message
that conveys to the user what which version that the deprecated method/field will be removed in and 
what method they should use instead to perform the task. The version specified should be at least
two versions after the current one, such that there will be at least one stable release where the
users get to see the deprecation warning and in the version after that (or a later version) the
deprecated entity should be removed.

## Creating a release

There are a few things to think about when doing a release:
 

>  - Go through the codebase and look for deprecated methods/fields and remove the ones that are

Reviewer: Perhaps searching for `@Deprecated` is easier

Author: Haha I don't think anyone would go through file by file and do it manually, but i can update it if you think is unclear :smile:

 - test: Add infinity test for `MoveEffect.to`
 - refactor: Optimize the structure of the game loop

# Maintainers

These instructions are for the maintainers of Flame.

## Merging a pull request

> When merging a pull request, make sure that the title of the merge commit has the correct

Reviewer 2: Should we also have an entry about the fact that a PR should not contain multiple fixes/features? We have overlooked that a few times in the past but it does make it difficult to see it all back in the CHANGELOG

Author: That's outside of the scope for this section, that should be on the section about making a PR.

Author: Since I already touched that section in this PR now I added a note about that too.

conventional commit tag and a descriptive title. This is extra important since sometimes the title
of the PR doesn't reflect what GitHub defaults to for the merge commit title (if the title has been
changed during the life time of the PR for example).

All the default text should be removed from the commit message and the PR description and the
instructions from the "Migration instruction" (if the PR is breaking) should be copied into the
commit message.

## Breaking changes

When doing breaking changes a deprecation tag should be added when possible and contain a message
that conveys to the user what which version that the deprecated method/field will be removed in and 
what method they should use instead to perform the task. The version specified should be at least
two versions after the current one, such that there will be at least one stable release where the

> users get to see the deprecation warning and in the version after that (or a later version) the

Reviewer 2: The first part of this is general for all contributors imho. And we should maybe give an example

For example:

Lets say the current version is 1.1.2, and the next version that will have the deprecated function is 1.2.0, then the deprecated tag could look like this:

```dart
@Deprecated('Will be removed in 1.3.0')
void deprecatedFeature() {}
```

Author: That it already defined in the "Breaking changes" section, that section could be improved, but it's also outside the scope of this PR.

Author: Oh wait, that's this section. :sweat_smile: 
I thought we had this defined under "Open a pull request" too, this section should be moved to there.

Author: Moved it and added an example.

deprecated entity should be removed.

## Creating a release

There are a few things to think about when doing a release:
 
 - Search through the codebase for `@Deprecated` methods/fields and remove the ones that are marked
   for removal in the version that you are intending to release.
 - Create a PR containing the changes for removing the deprecated entities.

>  - Run `melos version -V <package>:<version> -V <package>:<version>` for Melos to generate a

Reviewer 2: Twice the `-V`? Is it meant to be current vs next? If so we we should make that more explicit in the command

Author: Yes, once for each package, and the version is the version for that package. Would it be more clear if I wrote it like this?
```suggestion
 - Run `melos version -V <package1>:<version> -V <package2>:<version>` for Melos to generate a
```

 - test: Add infinity test for `MoveEffect.to`
 - refactor: Optimize the structure of the game loop

# Maintainers

These instructions are for the maintainers of Flame.

## Merging a pull request

When merging a pull request, make sure that the title of the merge commit has the correct
conventional commit tag and a descriptive title. This is extra important since sometimes the title
of the PR doesn't reflect what GitHub defaults to for the merge commit title (if the title has been
changed during the life time of the PR for example).

All the default text should be removed from the commit message and the PR description and the
instructions from the "Migration instruction" (if the PR is breaking) should be copied into the
commit message.

## Creating a release

There are a few things to think about when doing a release:
 
 - Search through the codebase for `@Deprecated` methods/fields and remove the ones that are marked
   for removal in the version that you are intending to release.
 - Create a PR containing the changes for removing the deprecated entities.
 - Run `melos version -V <package1>:<version> -V <package2>:<version>` for Melos to generate a

>    `CHANGELOG.md` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `CHANGELOG.md` file for each package you provide.
```

To make it more clear in general? Cause that was what originally confused it, that it was only for a single package

Author: It is also generating a general changelog, maybe "file" should just be changes to "files"?

Reviewer 2: Yea that sounds much better if it does a general one aswell!

>  - Run `melos version -V <package1>:<version> -V <package2>:<version>` for Melos to generate a
>    `CHANGELOG.md` file.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Run `melos version -V <package1>:<version> -V <package2>:<version>` for Melos to generate
   `CHANGELOG.md` files.
```
